Add docs clarifying list-doc and install-doc (#754)
miurahr/aqtinstall: docs/getting_started.rst

    $ aqt install-qt linux desktop 6.2.0 wasm_32 -m qtcharts qtnetworkauth --autodesktop

Installing Docs
---------------

The :ref:`aqt list-doc <list-doc command>` command lists documentation
archives for a given version by default:

.. code-block:: console

    $ aqt list-tool mac 6.6.1
    qdoc qmake qt5 qtassistant qtcmake qtconcurrent qtcore qtdbus qtdesigner qtdistancefieldgenerator qtdoc qtgui qthelp qtlabsplatform qtlinguist qtnetwork qtopengl qtplatformintegration qtprintsupport qtqml qtqmlcore qtqmlmodels qtqmltest qtqmlworkerscript qtqmlxmllistmodel qtquick qtquickcontrols qtquickdialogs qtsql qtsvg qttestlib qtuitools qtwaylandcompositor qtwidgets qtxml

> This is what will be installed by default, you can select a subset of archives
> with ``--archives``.
> ``--modules`` will list additional documentation modules that can be installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is what will be installed by default when you run ``aqt install-doc mac 6.6.1`` 
without any other flags or arguments. 
You can select a subset of archives with the ``--archives`` flag.
The ``--modules`` flag will list additional documentation modules that can be installed:
```
This is more of a writing-style / grammar suggestion. IMHO it's worthwhile to be as clear as possible here. I'm certainly not the best writer around, but I think we can try to make this a little better.

Mozi is pretty good at this stuff. @pzhlkj6612, any suggestions?

.. code-block:: console

    $ aqt list-doc mac 6.6.1 --modules
    qt3d qt5compat qtactiveqt qtbluetooth qtcharts qtdatavis3d qtgraphs qtgrpc qthttpserver qtimageformats qtlocation qtlottie qtmultimedia qtnetworkauth qtnfc qtpdf qtpositioning qtquick3d qtquick3dphysics qtquickeffectmaker qtquicktimeline qtremoteobjects qtscxml qtsensors qtserialbus qtserialport qtshadertools qtspeech qtvirtualkeyboard qtwebchannel qtwebengine qtwebsockets qtwebview

> ``--archives`` and ``--modules`` can be used together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``The --archives`` and ``--modules`` flags can be used together.
```

> For example to only install the docs for ``qtquick`` and ``qt3d``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to only install the docs for ``qtquick`` and ``qt3d``,
```

    $ aqt install-qt linux desktop 6.2.0 wasm_32 -m qtcharts qtnetworkauth --autodesktop

Installing Docs
---------------

> The :ref:`aqt list-doc <list-doc command>` command lists documentation
> archives for a given version by default:

Reviewer 2: I think we could not emphasize the "default".

```suggestion
The :ref:`aqt list-doc <list-doc command>` command lists documentation
archives for a given Qt version:
```

.. code-block:: console

>     $ aqt list-doc mac 6.6.1
>     qdoc qmake qt5 qtassistant qtcmake qtconcurrent qtcore qtdbus qtdesigner qtdistancefieldgenerator qtdoc qtgui qthelp qtlabsplatform qtlinguist qtnetwork qtopengl qtplatformintegration qtprintsupport qtqml qtqmlcore qtqmlmodels qtqmltest qtqmlworkerscript qtqmlxmllistmodel qtquick qtquickcontrols qtquickdialogs qtsql qtsvg qttestlib qtuitools qtwaylandcompositor qtwidgets qtxml

Reviewer 2: Wrap the long line.

```suggestion
    $ aqt list-doc mac 6.6.1
    qdoc qmake qt5 qtassistant qtcmake qtconcurrent qtcore qtdbus qtdesigner
    qtdistancefieldgenerator qtdoc qtgui qthelp qtlabsplatform qtlinguist qtnetwork
    qtopengl qtplatformintegration qtprintsupport qtqml qtqmlcore qtqmlmodels qtqmltest
    qtqmlworkerscript qtqmlxmllistmodel qtquick qtquickcontrols qtquickdialogs qtsql
    qtsvg qttestlib qtuitools qtwaylandcompositor qtwidgets qtxml
```

> This is what will be installed by default when you run ``aqt install-doc mac 6.6.1`` 
> without any other flags or arguments. 
> You can select a subset of archives with the ``--archives`` flag.

Reviewer 2: I think there is no need to emphasize the "default".

```suggestion
All of the above archives will be installed when you run ``aqt install-doc mac 6.6.1`` 
without any other flags or arguments. 
You can select a subset of them with the ``--archives`` flag.
```

> The ``--modules`` flag will list additional documentation modules that can be installed:

Reviewer 2: New line; tense.

```suggestion

The ``--modules`` flag lists additional documentation modules that can be installed:
```

.. code-block:: console

>     $ aqt list-doc mac 6.6.1 --modules
>     qt3d qt5compat qtactiveqt qtbluetooth qtcharts qtdatavis3d qtgraphs qtgrpc qthttpserver qtimageformats qtlocation qtlottie qtmultimedia qtnetworkauth qtnfc qtpdf qtpositioning qtquick3d qtquick3dphysics qtquickeffectmaker qtquicktimeline qtremoteobjects qtscxml qtsensors qtserialbus qtserialport qtshadertools qtspeech qtvirtualkeyboard qtwebchannel qtwebengine qtwebsockets qtwebview

Reviewer 2: Wrap the long line.

```suggestion
    $ aqt list-doc mac 6.6.1 --modules
    qt3d qt5compat qtactiveqt qtbluetooth qtcharts qtdatavis3d qtgraphs qtgrpc qthttpserver
    qtimageformats qtlocation qtlottie qtmultimedia qtnetworkauth qtnfc qtpdf qtpositioning
    qtquick3d qtquick3dphysics qtquickeffectmaker qtquicktimeline qtremoteobjects qtscxml
    qtsensors qtserialbus qtserialport qtshadertools qtspeech qtvirtualkeyboard qtwebchannel
    qtwebengine qtwebsockets qtwebview
```

> ``The --archives`` and ``--modules`` flags can be used together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``--archives`` and ``--modules`` flags can be used together.
```

Oops! Sorry, that was my fault.
